	Hello everyone. My name is Ou Zheliang. Today, I will present my coursework.
1)
	I will go through it from six parts: Methodology and Gantt chart, Requirements Analysis, System Design, Formal Methods, System Development, and Demo.
	I use the waterfall model as my methodology. I use it because I need to provide the project at once, and the waterfall model can give a clear process to help with development. Here is my Gantt Chart.
2)
	The requirement asks me to develop an application for directors and coaches to manage the data of artists, performances, and training. I chose to create it through the website.
3)
	My development objectives is (read the ppt). Here is my Use Case Diagram, and Domain Class Diagram.
	My security principles have the least privilege, input validation, password encryption, Human-machine verification, XSS protection, CSRF Protection and SQL injection protection. My Django web framework has provided the functions of last four principles.
4)
	About the Formal methods, this is my Automata for the login process, and here is my Patri Net.
5)
	I use Visual Studio Code as my code editor and Python language with Django web frame as the development environment. I use XAMPP MariaDB as my system database management system. For the webpage, I used HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to help me develop it.
6)
	First, let's look at the signup process. The signup form requires you to fill out the username, password, confirm password, and email fields. The username can't be the same as an existing username. When the password is too normal, such as the full number, it will show an error message and reject the signup. The whole process of signup will be protected by using these two lines of code.

	After successfully registering, you can start login with your account. But let's test the protection of SQL injection. We can see it can't work. Now let's login.

	If you are a director, you can view all the data of artist, performance, and training. But you can only modify the data of artist and performance. The training webpage will not provide the modify buttons for you. 

	Let's create a new artist. In the detail page, you can modify the artist data. You also can modify the attendance of the artist for each performance, and you can't modify the attendance of training.

	Let's create a new performance. In the detail page, you can modify the performance data. You can update the participants data by click the add and remove buttons. 

	The dashboard will shows the overview data of artist, performance and training. Let's change to a coach account.
 	Now you can only modify the training data. Such as delete, and update the training data.

	If you want to change the password, you can click your avatar. Then, click change password. The new password require contain at least one letters and one number, and the min length is 8.
	That's all. Thank you. 

